# NLP_Sentiment-analysis-of-women-s-clothes-reviews-with-ML-DL-Models
This analysis will focus on using Natural Language techniques to find broad trends in the written thoughts of the customers. The goal is to predict whether customers recommend the product they purchased using the information in their review text.  One of the challenges in this study is to extract useful information from the Review Text variable using text mining techniques. The other challenge is that we need to convert text files into numeric feature vectors to run machine learning algorithms.  We will build sentiment classification models using Machine Learning algorithms (Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, Support Vector Machine, Random Forest and Ada Boosting) and Deep Learning algorithms.

The basic goal in this project is to predict whether customers recommend the product they purchased using the information in their Review Text. Especially, it should be noted that the expectation in this project is to use only the "Review Text" variable and neglect the other ones. Of course, if we want, we can work on other variables individually.
Project Structure is separated in five tasks: EDA, Feature Selection and Data Cleaning , Text Mining, Word Cloud and Sentiment Classification with Machine Learning.
Classically, we can start to know the data after doing the import and load operations. We need to do missing value detection for Review Text, which is the only variable we need to care about. We can drop other variables.
We will need to apply noise removal and lexicon normalization processes by using the capabilities of the nltk library to the data set that is ready for text mining.
Afterwards, we will implement Word Cloud as a visual analysis of word repetition.
Finally, we will build models with five different algorithms and compare their performance. Thus, you will determine the algorithm that makes the most accurate emotion estimation by using the information obtained from the Review Text variable.
